Document per guild avatars (#3081)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/Guild.md

| mute           | boolean                                         | whether the user is muted in voice channels                                                                                            |
| pending?       | boolean                                         | whether the user has not yet passed the guild's [Membership Screening](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/membership-screening-object) requirements |
| permissions?   | string                                          | total permissions of the member in the channel, including overwrites, returned when in the interaction object                           |

> | avatar?        | string                                          | the member's [guild avatar hash](#DOCS_REFERENCE/image-formatting)

Reviewer: Seems weird how avatar isn't nullable here but it is in the user structure 🤔

Author: Seems like I didn't look at the member data correctly, fixed.

Reviewer: Lol no worries

  "roles": [],
  "joined_at": "2015-04-26T06:26:56.936000+00:00",
  "deaf": false,
  "mute": false,

>   "avatar": null

Reviewer 2: Avatar actually appears right below "nick" so this should be moved up

| deaf       | boolean             | whether the user is deafened in voice channels. Will throw a 400 if the user is not in a voice channel | DEAFEN_MEMBERS   |
| channel_id | snowflake           | id of channel to move user to (if they are connected to voice)                                         | MOVE_MEMBERS     |

## Modify Current Member % PATCH /guilds/{guild.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-object}/members/@me

> Modifies the current member in a guild. Returns a 200 with the nickname on success. Fires a [Guild Member Update](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/guild-member-update) Gateway event.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Modifies the current member in a guild. Returns a 200 with a partial member object containing the changed data on success. Fires a [Guild Member Update](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/guild-member-update) Gateway event.
```

| deaf       | boolean             | whether the user is deafened in voice channels. Will throw a 400 if the user is not in a voice channel | DEAFEN_MEMBERS   |
| channel_id | snowflake           | id of channel to move user to (if they are connected to voice)                                         | MOVE_MEMBERS     |

## Modify Current Member % PATCH /guilds/{guild.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-object}/members/@me

Modifies the current member in a guild. Returns a 200 with a partial member object containing the changed data on success. Fires a [Guild Member Update](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/guild-member-update) Gateway event.

###### JSON Params

| Field | Type    | Description                    | Permission      |
| ----- | ------- | ------------------------------ | --------------- |

> | ?nick | ?string | value to set users nickname to | CHANGE_NICKNAME |

Reviewer 4: Does this mean this route ONLY takes a nickname, and we'd have to use the `/members/<bot id>` for roles and such?

Author: It appears to only accept nickname, yes. Providing roles does nothing.

Reviewer 5: This route also takes a `?avatar` of type `?image data` (https://discord.com/developers/docs/reference#image-data).

That field requires nitro [*not nitro classic*]. If set and user has nitro, will update the guild specific avatar.

| deaf       | boolean             | whether the user is deafened in voice channels. Will throw a 400 if the user is not in a voice channel | DEAFEN_MEMBERS   |
| channel_id | snowflake           | id of channel to move user to (if they are connected to voice)                                         | MOVE_MEMBERS     |

## Modify Current Member % PATCH /guilds/{guild.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-object}/members/@me

Modifies the current member in a guild. Returns a 200 with the updated member object on success. Fires a [Guild Member Update](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/guild-member-update) Gateway event.

###### JSON Params

| Field | Type    | Description                    | Permission      |
| ----- | ------- | ------------------------------ | --------------- |
| ?nick | ?string | value to set users nickname to | CHANGE_NICKNAME |

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

extra newline
